Project Overview
################

:date: 20210626 12:30
:tags: w210 Capstone
:category: Introduction
:slug: overviews
:author: TL;DL Team
:summary: Welcome document

Have you ever wanted to get into a podcast episode, but didn’t listen because it was too long? We are working on a podcast summarization tool called TL;DL (Too Long; Didn't Listen), which transcribes a podcast's content and provides an easy to read summarization - no ads, no promotions. Reading a condensed summary of details from a podcast episode can give you a sense of what a new show focuses on or help you catch up on hours’ worth of content in minutes. Whether you are catching up on previous episodes or browsing for something new, TL;DL will give you the synopses of the podcast of your choice and help you make better use of your time.

Unlike radio content, which directly broadcasts content over the airwaves, podcasts now capture, organize and make content available for listening at a time of our choosing.  Given the all but endless supply of audio content now available for individuals to explore, many uses exist for a summarization, which extends beyond just a hook or an overview of the content.  Such opportunities arise in the informational, educational, and pure entertainment arenas.

.............
TL;DL Utility
.............

Podcasts and its supporting listenership have exploded in recent years.  The podcast industry is targeted to reach $ 1 billion in 2021 (`BusinessInsider <https://www.businessinsider.com/the-podcast-industry-report>`_). A 16% increase in listeners is expected in 2021, with the total number of listeners having doubled since 2016.  Principle US market share holders include Apple, Spotify, YouTube and Google, with the first two possessing the majority share of the market.

Topics covered by podcasts are as diverse as listeners.  Though content is more readily available than ever before, what has not changed is the time needed to consume it.  The average length of podcasts is around 30 minutes; however, this distribution is skewed to the right.  (include link to spotify metrics)  A functional gap exists to encapsulate content from the surfeit of available podcasts.  Further, existing synopses tend to be inconsistent and sporadic at best.

Beyond the immediate summarization of content for podcast listeners, TL;DL can offer substantial support to entities that curate audio content.  Whether it be public libraries or private companies, TL;DL can support numerous requirements within the audio industry.

.....................
Sample Summarizations
.....................

To give a sample of what TL;DL can provide, below are two summaries generated by this tool.

`broadcast sample 1 <{content}/pdfs/survey_1.pdf>`_

`broadcast sample 2 <{content}/pdfs/survey_1.pdf>`_

......................
Try Your Transcription
......................
